It walks on four legs in the morning, two legs at noon and three legs in the evening. What is it?
Man
What always runs but never walks, often murmurs, never talks, has a bed but never sleeps, has a mouth but never eats?
river
I never was, am always to be. No one ever saw me, nor ever will. And yet I am the confidence of all, To live and breath on this terrestrial ball. What am I?
future
At night they come without being fetched. By day they are lost without being stolen. What are they?
stars
The one who makes it, sells it. The one who buys it, never uses it. The one that uses it never knows that he’s using it. What is it?
coffin
The more you have of it, the less you see. What is it?
Darkness
What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?
penny
What English word has three consecutive double letters?
Bookkeeper
What’s black when you get it, red when you use it, and white when you’re all through with it?
Charcoal
I am always hungry, I must always be fed, the finger I touch, will soon turn red. What am I?
Fire
I know a word of letters three. Add two, and fewer there will be!
Few
I have four legs but no tail. Usually I am heard only at night. What am I?
frog
Half-way up the hill, I see thee at last, lying beneath me with thy sounds and sights — A city in the twilight, dim and vast, with smoking roofs, soft bells, and gleaming lights.
past
When young, I am sweet in the sun. When middle-aged, I make you happy. When old, I am valued more than ever.
Wine
All about, but cannot be seen, can be captured, cannot be held, no throat, but can be heard.
Wind
If you break me, I do not stop working. If you touch me, I may be snared. If you lose me, nothing will matter. What am I?
heart
Until I am measured I am not known, yet how you miss me when I have flown. What am I?
Time
I drive men mad for love of me, easily beaten, never free. What am I?
Gold
When set loose, I fly away, never so cursed, as when I go astray.
fart
Lighter than what I am made of, more of me is hidden than is seen.
Iceberg
Each morning I appear to lie at your feet, all day I will follow no matter how fast you run, yet I nearly perish in the midday sun.
Shadow
My life can be measured in hours, I serve by being devoured. Thin, I am quick. Fat, I am slow. Wind is my foe.
candle
I am seen in the water if seen in the sky. I am in the rainbow, a jay’s feather,and lapis lazuli.
Blue
Glittering points that downward thrust, sparkling spears that never rust.
Icicle
You heard me before, yet you hear me again, then I die, ’till you call me again.
echo
Three lives have I. Gentle enough to soothe the skin, light enough to caress the sky, hard enough to crack rocks.
Water
At the sound of me, men may dream or stamp their feet. At the sound of me, women may laugh or sometimes weep.
Music
What does man love more than life, fear more than death or mortal strife? What the poor have, the rich require, and what contented men desire, what the miser spends and the spendthrift saves, and all men carry to their graves?
Nothing
I build up castles. I tear down mountains. I make some men blind, I help others to see. What am I?
Sand
Five hundred begins it, five hundred ends it, five in the middle is seen; First of all figures, the first of all letters, take up their stations between. Join all together, and then you will bring before you the name of an eminent king.
DAVID (Roman numerals)
It cannot be seen, it weighs nothing, but when put into a barrel, it makes it lighter. What is it?
hole
What starts with a T, ends with a T, and has T in it?
teapot
I am, in truth, a yellow fork from tables in the sky, by inadvertent fingers dropped the awful cutlery, of mansions never quite disclosed and never quite concealed. The apparatus of the dark to ignorance revealed.
Lightning
You saw me where I never was and where I could not be. And yet within that very place, my face you often see. What am I?
reflection
Say my name and I disappear. What am I?
Silence
What is it that after you take away the whole, some still remains?
Wholesome
A box without hinges, lock or key, yet golden treasure lies within. What is it?
egg
Forward I’m heavy, but backwards I’m not. What am I?
Ton
I can be long, or I can be short, I can be grown, and I can be bought, I can be painted, or left bare, I can be round, or square. What am I?
fingernail
I drift forever with the current down these long canals they’ve made, tame, yet wild, I run elusive Multitasking to your aid. Before I came, the world was darker, colder, sometimes, rougher, true, but though I might make living easy, I’m good at killing people too.
lightning
Kings and lords and christians raised them, since they stand for higher powers, yet few of them would stand, I’m certain, if men ruled this world of ours.
tower
Soft and fragile is my skin, I get my growth in mud. I’m dangerous as much as pretty, for if not careful, I draw blood.
thorn
I am a box that holds keys without locks, yet they can unlock your soul. What am I?
piano
There is one word that stands the test of time and holds fast to the center of everything. Though everyone will try at least once in their life to move around this word, but in fact, unknowingly, they use it every moment of the day. Young or old, awake or in sleep, human or animal, this word stands fast. It belongs to everyone, to all living things, but no one can master it. The word is?
Gravity
My first is twice in apple but not once in tart. My second is in liver but not in heart. My third is in giant and also in ghost. Whole I’m best when I am roast. What am I?
pig
What gets wetter as it dries?
towel
When you went into the woods you got me. You hated me yet you wanted to find me. You went home with me cause you couldn’t find me. What was it?
splinter
You have to travel far before you turn it over. What is it?
odometer
A mile from end to end, yet as close to as a friend. A precious commodity, freely given. Seen on the dead and on the living. Found on the rich, poor, short and tall, but shared among children most of all. What is it?
smile
I’m full of holes, yet I’m full of water. What am I?
sponge
It’s red, blue, purple and green, no one can reach it, not even the queen. What is it?
rainbow
Feed me and I live, give me drink and I die. What am I?
Fire.
What makes a loud noise when changing its jacket, becomes larger but weighs less?
Popcorn
The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?
Footsteps
Alive without breath, as cold as death. Clad in mail never clinking, never thirsty, ever drinking. What am I?
fish
Until I am measured, I am not known, yet how you miss me, when I have flown.
Time
I never was, am always to be. No one ever saw me, nor ever will, and yet I am the confidence of all to live and breathe on this terrestrial ball.
Tomorrow
Alive without breath, as cold as death. Never thirsty, ever drinking. Clad in mail, never clinking. Drowns on dry land, thinks an island is a mountain. Thinks a fountain, is a puff of air.
fish
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers. Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, and beats high mountain down.
Time
